=================================
line 98 : Error, symbol " ", used in map, not found.
line 59 : A rule has to have an arrow in it.  There's no arrow here! Consider reading up about rules - you're clearly doing something weird
line 59 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 59 : Error, when specifying a rule, the number of matches (square bracketed bits) on the left hand side of the arrow must equal the number on the right
line 60 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 60 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 61 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 61 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 62 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 62 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 64 : A rule has to have an arrow in it.  There's no arrow here! Consider reading up about rules - you're clearly doing something weird
line 64 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 64 : Error, when specifying a rule, the number of matches (square bracketed bits) on the left hand side of the arrow must equal the number on the right
line 65 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 65 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 66 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 66 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 67 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 67 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 69 : A rule has to have an arrow in it.  There's no arrow here! Consider reading up about rules - you're clearly doing something weird
line 69 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 69 : Error, when specifying a rule, the number of matches (square bracketed bits) on the left hand side of the arrow must equal the number on the right
line 70 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 70 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 71 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 71 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 72 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 72 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 74 : A rule has to have an arrow in it.  There's no arrow here! Consider reading up about rules - you're clearly doing something weird
line 74 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 74 : Error, when specifying a rule, the number of matches (square bracketed bits) on the left hand side of the arrow must equal the number on the right
line 75 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 75 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 76 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 76 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 77 : In a rule, if you specify a movement, it has to act on an object.
line 77 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 79 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 80 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 82 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
line 83 : In a rule, each pattern to match on the left must have a corresponding pattern on the right of equal length (number of cells).
Errors detected during compilation; the game may not work correctly.